# Persona Split Personality<br>2015-02-28<br>product-owner<br>
---
Recently our QA manager and I were discussing a special test situation. TListening t     representing 2 products There were two separate products involve which by definition means different testing requirements   representing 2 separate customer interactions connected together by time in our customer flow easy solution is to create a persona for each customer interaction separated logically, usually by time             Recently while discussing a special testing problem with our QA manager, we identified two testing perspectives with the same customer. This is possible because the same customer actually has two personas depending on WHEN in the customer flow we interact with them. Our first clue should have been the source of the discussion. We have two product teams involved in End to End testing. We were trying to figure out why one team   There are 2 distinct services provided the customer based on one need. The customer wants to shop with a credit card. This is a nice well defined (possibly high level) service. This causes 2 very distinct customer interactions. The first is the customer experience at the register. Is it quick? Do we give adequate feedback when there is a problem? How do we promote our rewards program and make it easy for the customer to use their rewards? The second interaction is 30 days later when they get their bill. The billing cycle forces a 2nd type of customer interaction. This one needs to be treated much differently because the company is triggering the interaction and honestly, the customer would rather NOT get a bill in the mail.
